README.md, before:

# weather-page

![The weather app.](./assets/images/weatherpage.PNG)

## My Task

To use the [OpenWeather One Call API](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-api) Third-party API build a weather dashboard that will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS. To retrieve weather data for cities. I had to read the documentation for setup and usage instructions. I used `localStorage` to store any persistent data.

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## The Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```

Commit message:

added link to deployed link

README.md, after:

# weather-page

![The weather app.](./assets/images/weatherpage.PNG)

## My Task

To use the [OpenWeather One Call API](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-api) Third-party API build a weather dashboard that will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS. To retrieve weather data for cities. I had to read the documentation for setup and usage instructions. I used `localStorage` to store any persistent data. I deployed it in a [GitHub Page](https://nabhahnk.github.io/weather-page/).

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## The Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```
